Korath begin (#8752)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/jobs.txt

	job
	repeat
	description "Go to <stopovers> and pick up <bunks> Syndicate defectors. Fly them to <destination> for <payment>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 7 28 .8
	clearance "You provide a passcode given to you on <origin> and the authorities give you landing coordinates."
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	destination
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	stopover
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes uninhabited
		distance 5 16
	on stopover
		dialog phrase "generic passenger stopover pickup"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 15000 180
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

# Can't do phrases in the right places for this yet:
phrase "syndicate defectors"
	word
		"religious" 3
		"overworked" 2
		"persecuted" 3
		"abused" 2
	word
		" Syndicate "
	word
		"union organizers" 3
		"low-level managers" 2
		"workers" 5
		"human rights observers"
		"managers"
		"engineers"
		"security personnel"

> 		"technicians"

Author: That code PR was merged, but I think it is better for the job to be vague about who and why.

	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		government "Humanika (Port)"
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Emancipation Raid Escort [0]"
	name "Emancipation escort: <planet stopovers>"
	job
	repeat
	description "Escort a Nighthawk to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. Beware Syndicate and bounty hunters."
	clearance "You provide a passcode given to you on <origin> and the authorities give you landing coordinates."
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 50
		random < 40
	source
		government "Humanika (Port)"
		attributes "slavery ban"
	stopover
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
		attributes spaceport
		distance 5 16
	on visit
		dialog "The emancipation raid isn't complete. The Nighthawk must reach <stopover planets> and then <planet>."
	on stopover

> 		dialog "The Nighthawk lands on a different vector. You can see a bunker explode from bombardment before it lands. Not long after, it meets you in the spaceport, filled with freed slaves."

Author: Landing vector. It is a piloting term.

> 		dialog "The Nighthawk lands on a different vector. You can see a bunker explode from bombardment before it lands. Not long after, it meets you in the spaceport, filled with freed slaves."

Author: In a game about piloting a ship that frequently lands, I think it is reasonable to use piloting jargon. Either the player should already know it, be able to infer it, or be interested in learning the jargon. (Or simply not care, because they don't read the dialog anyway.)

	on visit
		dialog "The emancipation raid isn't complete. All Nighthawks must arrive together at <stopover planets> and then <planet>."
	on stopover
		dialog "The Nighthawks land on a different vector. You can see hardened bunkers explode from bombardment before the ships land. Not long after, they meet you at the spaceport, filled with freed slaves."
	on complete
		payment 380000
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation raid mission"
	npc save accompany
		government "Humanika (Ship)"
		personality timid escort
		fleet
			names "Humanika emancipation fleet"
			variant
				"Nighthawk (New Tortuga Emancipation)" 5
			variant 3
				"Nighthawk (New Tortuga Emancipation)" 6
			variant
				"Nighthawk (New Tortuga Emancipation)" 7
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Small Core Pirates"
		fleet "Large Core Pirates" 2
		system
			distance 1 2
	npc
		government "Syndicate"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis waiting
		fleet "Large Syndicate"
		fleet "Small Syndicate"
		system
			distance 3 5

mission "Emancipation Raid Escort [3]"
	name "Emancipation escort: <planet stopovers>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "Escort a large fleet of Nighthawks to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. Beware Syndicate and bounty hunters."

Author: The Syndicate shoots at any ships from this government, regardless of their mission.

> 	description "Escort a large fleet of Nighthawks to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. Beware Syndicate and bounty hunters."

Author: I have clarified the description so it explicitly tells you the Syndicate will attack the ships. Is it better now?

> Escort a large fleet of Nighthawks to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. **The Syndicate and bounty hunters will attack these ships.**

	passengers 2 5 0.8
	deadline 5 3
	to offer
		random < 40
	source
		government "Humanika (Port)"
		attributes research
	stopover
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes farming mining research factory urban
		not attributes uninhabited
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"

mission "Retrieve recruiters [2]"
	name "Return recruiters home to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `Pick up a team of <bunks> recruiters on <stopovers> and fly them home to <planet> by <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 7 20 0.8
	deadline 5 3
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 5
	source
		government "Humanika (Port)"
		attributes research
	stopover
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes farming mining research factory urban
		not attributes uninhabited
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"

mission "Farming Employee Poaching"
	name "Research farmer to <planet>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description `A research farmer needs a ride to their lucrative new job. Fly them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`

Author: Someone who engages in farming-related research. Such things eventually involve a farm, once they're finished in-laboratory testing.

	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	destination
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	stopover
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes uninhabited
		distance 5 16
	on stopover
		dialog phrase "generic passenger stopover pickup"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 15000 180
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

# Can't do phrases in the right places for this yet:
phrase "syndicate defectors"
	word
		"religious" 3
		"overworked" 2
		"persecuted" 3
		"abused" 2
	word
		" Syndicate "
	word
		"union organizers" 3
		"low-level managers" 2
		"workers" 5
		"human rights observers"
		"managers"
		"engineers"
		"security personnel"
		"technicians"

# NOTE: Slavery rescue missions can have an uninhabited Pirate planet
# stopover since that is a valid place for slaves to have escaped to.

mission "Rescue Slaves [0]"
	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "Slaves with valuable skills are asking for rescue. Pick up all <bunks> of them on <stopovers> and take them to them <destination> for <payment>. Expect bounty hunters."

Author: > "<payment>" - Who's paying us?

New Tortuga arranged for the transportation, but they want to remain anonymous to avoid hurting their relationship with local pirate groups. Openly challenging pirates will draw a stronger response than sneaky stealing, since pirates sneakily steal from each other all the time.

> "... are asking for rescue." - I imagine a lot of them are! Why are we getting a job board message for this group in particular?

These arrangements are extraordinarily expensive (look at one in the job board and you'll see). Rescuing millions of slaves this way is not sustainable. So, they rescue "high-value" slaves.

> Where's the rest of the underground railroad? 

That is not covered by this PR.

However, in Hai Reveal, you do learn of one "underground railroad." It is run by the Syndicate, to rescue slaves and give them Syndicate jobs. The person who tells you genuinely believes this is benevolent, so it isn't intended as a transfer from one slavery to another. Obviously, New Tortuga would not be involved in such a scheme, since many people on that planet would view it as another form of slavery.

> "Expect bounty hunters." - On-planet, where I'm surprisingly vulnerable, or in space, where I fly around in super powerful stolen alien warships?

Yes.

> What allies do we have in this mission? Am I going to have to lay siege to a pirate fortress myself, or has someone already freed the people from their imprisonment?

I'll update this to say you're picking them up at a predetermined location.

> 	description "Slaves with valuable skills are asking for rescue. Pick up all <bunks> of them on <stopovers> and take them to them <destination> for <payment>. Expect bounty hunters."

Author: How is this?

![escaped-slaves-try3](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/116329264/6d26b903-355c-4418-a864-3eee848677f5)

> 	description "Slaves with valuable skills are asking for rescue. Pick up all <bunks> of them on <stopovers> and take them to them <destination> for <payment>. Expect bounty hunters."

Reviewer: For all my criticisms, I do genuinely enjoy this part of the PR. About damn time First Last did something about the interstellar slave trade.

I dig it.

		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed slave rescue mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Escaped Slaves [2]"
	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "Escaped slaves with valuable skills want asylum. Fly all <bunks> of them from <origin> to them <destination> for <payment>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 7 28 .8
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed slave rescue mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Transport recruiters [0]"
	name "Recruiter and supplies to <planet>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description `Transport a <origin> recruiter and <tons> of recruitment supplies to <planet> by <date> for <payment>.`

Author: They don't want to say. They're engaging in employee poaching, which might be illegal, and certainly won't make them any friends among corporate leaders.

	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 35000 160
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"

mission "Urban Employee Team Recruitment"
	name "Urban workers to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `A team of <bunks> skilled city workers need a ride to their lucrative new jobs. Pick them up at <stopovers> and take them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 2 5 0.8
	deadline 5 3
	to offer
		random < 40
	source
		government "Humanika (Port)"
		attributes research
	stopover
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes urban
		not attributes uninhabited
		distance 5 100
	destination
		government "Humanika (Port)"
	on stopover
		dialog phrase "generic passenger stopover pickup"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 35000 160
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"

mission "Banned Syndicate Items [0]"
	name "Syndicate-banned items to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `Anti-Syndicate activists will pay <payment> for delivery of <cargo> on <planet>. Take care not to get caught.`
	cargo "Syndicate-banned items" 2 5 0.8

> 	illegal 50000

Author: The cargo was transported with the intention of breaking laws.

> 	illegal 50000

Author: I'd love to have more fine-grained control over who considers a mission illegal. I'd expect the Korath and New Tortuga to fine people for slavery, but nothing else. Right now, there is no way to do that.

> 	illegal 50000

Reviewer: Agreed.

I'd still say getting fines from non-syndicate governments is an undesirable gameplay effect, or an outright bug. Might I instead propose an invisible landing mission that only triggers in Syndicate space, and fails `Syndicate banned items` when offered?

> 	illegal 50000

Author: No, for two reasons:

1. If people wouldn't fine you for having the items, they wouldn't cause the mission to fail (seize them items?) either.
2. There are many missions in Endless Sky whose illegality doesn't make sense, for the same reason. I want this one to be consistent, so that whatever fix is available later, can be implemented uniformly.

	on complete
		payment 9000 85
		dialog "You land at a makeshift landing site a few minutes flight from the blaze. The smoky haze that drifts into your ship when the firefighters open the hatch to depart makes your eyes and nose itch. As you watch your passengers heading toward a staging area nearby, you think about the inferno they will soon be voluntarily entering. A chirp from your communications system indicates your stipend of <payment> has been deposited, and you begin your atmospheric flight back to <planet>'s main spaceport."

mission "Syndicate Defectors [0]"
	name "Syndicate defectors to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "Go to <stopovers> and pick up <bunks> Syndicate defectors. Fly them to <destination> for <payment>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 2 8 .8
	clearance "You provide a passcode given to you on <origin> and the authorities give you landing coordinates."
	to offer
		random < 60
	source
		government "Independent (Korath-Allied) Port"
	destination
		government "Independent (Korath-Allied) Port"
	stopover

> 		government "Pirate"

Reviewer 2: What are syndicate defectors doing on pirate planets?

Reviewer 3: Lawless places like pirate ports are great places for people who don't particularly want to be found by people in authority.

Reviewer 2: In that case, the job should be `illegal.`

Author: All "Syndicate Defector" missions are now marked illegal. The first one has a comment that the illegality awaits a bug fix.

	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "An anonymous group will pay <payment> to transport <bunks> escaped slaves from <stopovers> to <planet>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. Expect bounty hunters."

Reviewer: Nice.

If I may make one more suggestion, it would be changing "escaped slaves" to something like "passengers escaping slavery"; emphasizing their personhood rather than their former conditions.

Author: Do you like this description for the New Tortuga jobs?

![escaped-slaves-try5](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/116329264/8f6d9a80-a2c6-4abe-9e92-d32598d5a7b9)

The job boards on pirate planets still describe them as slaves, because that is how they're viewed on pirate planets.

It does look a little odd when they're being emancipated from Freedom, but that's unavoidable.

Reviewer: It sparks a great deal of joy, I like it a lot; I hope we get more emancipation content in the future.

	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Escaped Slaves [2]"
	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "An anonymous group will pay <payment> to transport <bunks> slaves to a new life on <planet>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 7 28 .8
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Emancipation Raid Escort [0]"
	name "Emancipation escort: <planet stopovers>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "Escort a Nighthawk to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. The Syndicate and bounty hunters will attack these ships."

Reviewer 4: No, it's a singular ship.  Given the `nemesis` tag they should attack you though, so...

```suggestion
	description "Escort a Nighthawk to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. The Syndicate and bounty hunters will attack you, but you will have a passcode for landing clearance."
```

		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on stopover
		dialog phrase "generic passenger stopover pickup"

mission "Retrieve recruiters [2]"
	name "Return recruiters home to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `Pick up a team of <bunks> recruiters on <stopovers> and fly them home to <planet> by <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 7 20 0.8
	deadline 5 3
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 5
	source "New Tortuga"
	stopover
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes farming mining research factory urban
		not attributes uninhabited
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on stopover
		dialog phrase "generic passenger stopover pickup"

mission "Farming Employee Poaching"
	name "Agronomist to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `A research farmer needs a ride to their lucrative new job. Fly them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 1
	deadline 5 2
	to offer
		or
			random < 20
			and
				not "event: know about Korath fish jobs"
				random < 35
	source

> 		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"

Author: Syndicate recruiting happens through "Syndicate Defectors" jobs.

		or
			random < 20
			and
				not "event: know about Korath fish jobs"
				random < 35
	source
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		not attributes uninhabited
		attributes factory
		distance 5 100
	destination
		government "Independent (Korath-Allied) Port"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 35000 300
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"

mission "Urban Employee Poaching"
	name "Urban worker to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `A skilled city worker needs a ride to their lucrative new job. Fly them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 1
	deadline 5 2
	to offer
		or
			random < 20
			and
				not "event: know about Korath fish jobs"
				random < 35
	source
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		not attributes uninhabited
		attributes urban
		distance 5 100
	destination
		government "Independent (Korath-Allied) Port"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 35000 300
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"

mission "Farming Team Recruitment"
	name "Agronomists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description `A team of <bunks> research farmers need a ride to their lucrative new jobs. Pick them up at <stopovers> and take them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`

Author: "Take" sounds better to me. I shall wait to hear from others before applying or resolving this.

> 	description `A team of <bunks> research farmers need a ride to their lucrative new jobs. Pick them up at <stopovers> and take them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`

Reviewer 5: Take is more appropriate, since it's to a different destination.

> 	description `A team of <bunks> research farmers need a ride to their lucrative new jobs. Pick them up at <stopovers> and take them to <planet> before <date> for <payment>.`

Reviewer 2: I don’t really care either way, but take sounds slightly better to me.

	repeat
	description "An anonymous group will pay <payment> to transport <bunks> people out of slavery on <stopovers> to freedom on <planet>. You will have a passcode for landing clearance. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 7 28 .8
	clearance "You provide a passcode given to you on <origin> and the authorities give you landing coordinates."
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		attributes "slavery ban"
	stopover
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
		attributes spaceport
		distance 5 16
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on stopover
		dialog phrase "generic infiltrating emancipation stopover pickup"
	on complete
		payment 30000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Escaped Slaves [0]"
	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "An anonymous group will pay <payment> to transport <bunks> slaves to a new life on <planet>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 2 8 .8
	to offer
		random < 60
	source
		government "Pirate"

> 		not attributes "slavery ban"

Reviewer 4: I see no problem with long range missions, so long as this doesn't have a time limit.

> 		not attributes "slavery ban"

Reviewer 6: He's had to stop working on the pirates due to RL issues.
I don't think there's a faction lead at this point for overall pirates; maybe Saugia. @Ebreus is the CCOR chief.

> 		not attributes "slavery ban"

Reviewer 7: If "slavery ban" was a tag when I wrote CCOR I didn't know about it. I can see some of the factions occupying parts of CCOR supporting slavery but not openly. It'd be too easy a win for their rivals were they caught supporting slavery. 

CCOR is likely behind on galactic happenings. They're likely to be skeptical of reporting from the Republic and generally as a pirate region away from the centers of power for Human space they may just not receive some news updates regardless of if they would believe them.

I'll have to consider the "slavery ban" tag a bit... may make for some interesting storytelling for parts of CCOR to not have it and/or events in the pirate stories to affect the presence or absence of the tag.

> 		not attributes "slavery ban"

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the input!  If they're a bit behind, they may be sceptical about New Tortuga, which is on the opposite side of Human space anyway.  Therefore, I've added "ccor" to the list of attributes these mission cannot apply to.  That should be sufficient for the purposes of this PR.

If you wish, however, I could add the "slavery ban" attribute to some CCOR worlds, and then they would be able to serve as an _origin_ point for the generic versions of the new liberation missions.

> 		not attributes "slavery ban"

Reviewer 4: As discussed on Discord, I've added Mordente-Bridi to the `"slavery ban"` list.

	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Escaped Slaves [2]"
	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "An anonymous group will pay <payment> to transport <bunks> slaves to a new life on <planet>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 7 28 .8
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban"
	destination
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Emancipation Raid Escort [0]"
	name "Emancipation escort: <planet stopovers>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "Escort a Nighthawk to <stopovers> for an emancipation raid, then back to <planet> for <payment>. The Syndicate and bounty hunters will attack you, but you will have a passcode for landing clearance."

Reviewer 6: The Syndicate won't necessarily attack you, because this doesn't check for negative Syndicate reputation.

Reviewer 4: I applied this change, but GitHub doesn't seem to want to auto-resolve this.

	job
	repeat
	description `Transport a team of <bunks> <origin> recruiters and <tons> of recruitment supplies to <planet> by <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 7 20 0.8
	cargo 12 40 0.8
	deadline 5 3
	to offer
		random < 40
		"cargo space" > 10
		"passenger space" > 5
	source "New Tortuga"
	destination
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		not attributes uninhabited
		attributes farming mining research factory urban
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"

mission "Retrieve recruiters [0]"
	name "Return a recruiter home to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description `Pick up a recruiter on <stopovers> and fly them home to <planet> by <date> for <payment>.`
	passengers 1
	deadline 5 3
	to offer
		random < 40
	source "New Tortuga"
	stopover
		government "Republic" "Pirate" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes farming mining research factory urban
		not attributes uninhabited
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic passenger dropoff payment"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on stopover

> 		dialog phrase "generic passenger stopover pickup"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
		dialog `Your <passengers> boards your ship, ready to go to <planet>.`
```

Reviewer 6: Alternatively, could do 
```suggestion
		dialog `Your one passenger boards your ship, ready to go to <planet>.`
```
for clarity to future reviewers/people reading the files (because passengers seems to be plural)

Reviewer 4: Right!  Or better...

```suggestion
		dialog `The recruiter boards your ship, ready to go to <planet>.`
```

	passengers 4 15 .8
	to offer
		random < 50
		"passenger space" > 5
	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban" "ccor"
	destination
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

mission "Escaped Slaves [2]"
	name "Help slaves escape to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "An anonymous group will pay <payment> to transport <bunks> slaves to a new life on <planet>. Expect bounty hunters."
	passengers 7 28 .8
	to offer
		random < 40
		"passenger space" > 10
	source
		government "Pirate"
		not attributes "slavery ban" "ccor"
	destination
		attributes "slavery ban"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 7000 170
		dialog phrase "generic completed emancipation mission"
	npc
		government "Bounty Hunter"
		personality heroic unconstrained nemesis plunders harvests waiting
		fleet "Bounty Hunters"
		system
			distance 1 2

> mission "Emancipation Raid Escort [0]"

Reviewer 6: For all of these, you probably need to add a reputation check so that they don't offer if the Nighthawk will be hostile toward you; it would otherwise be a good method of farming.
